Changed recipe balancing. Uranium is no longer a product of basic ore centrifuging. Uranium tibeirum cost cut in half (5 liquid per ore).

Fixed Tiberium brick to coal using 2 bricks, instead of 1.

Localised various items.

Fixed Node Harvester and Control Network being unlocked at the start *

Made Growth Credit recipes. Added recipes to technologies.


2019.12.05 
	[Art] -Ax
	-Implemented placeholder Tiberium Ore art + glow (Based on Tiberian Sun sprites.)
		* Disabled 'HR rendering' of sprites for now, since there is only the 64px version.
		* 12 variations, 12 growth steps from 1-1000 ore units. For 'smoother' visual spread.
		
2019.19.07

Changes Node harvesting recipe, to smooth out production from it. Increased richness of nodes to compensate, since each cycle of the Node harvester harvests one "unit" from the node, regardless of how much it produces.

Added stone growth credit recipe.

Added pollution modifier to molten tib. If ya burn it, the trees will not thank you.

Made growth credit image.

Made icons for each growth credit recipe.

Made icon for Waste recycling recipe.

Changed order of outputs in centrifuging, hopefully to reduce wasted inserter swings. Also removed uranium and oil from output. Direct from slurry only now.

Water recipes commented out. They're largely useless.

Made different icons for the centrifuging recipes.

Added recipe/icon to make stone bricks/concrete out of tiberium waste.

Made new icons for direct recipes.

Fully redid the recipe balancing.

Added a sonic gate.

Removed "Crystal" from localized tib name.

Fully changed liquid tib over to molten.

Added liquid tib fluid.

Fully made the growth accelerator.

Added liquid tib production to make power out of.

Nuclear fuel production from liquid tib, expensive to be efficient.

DATE



Liquid Tiberium Spread missile.* Needs to trigger event to place ore.

Nodes are now affected by distance to spawn for richness.* No idea how to fix, or even what is wrong.

Rebalanced ore value, and molten to slurry ratio.



Check:










Finished:

Fix Node Harvester using 20x power of mining drill for equivalent tib.

Commented out debug info printing to the console.

Removed Tiberium Brick recipes.

Added Tiberium Spikes. They slowly, and forever, produce molten tiberium from nodes, and block growth on them.

Changed Growth Accelerator entity over to centrifuge.

Fixed localization for Sonic Wall Hubs to include distance they work at.

Added Ion Beam turrets, including unique component. The Orbital Ion Cannon uses this unique component instead of laser turrets if you have both mods active.

Moved Sonic walls to using the proper tech, instead of a renamed tech from the orginal mod.

It now takes more time and energy to produce liquid tiberium for your power needs.

All tiberium refining recipes now double the pollution output of the machine.

Redid refining chains, so that refining is aways denser and more valuable.

Waste Processing takes much longer for a single cycle.